approvaltests/docs/mdsource/Features.source.md, before:

<a id="top"></a>

# Features

toc


## 6.0.1
### Prepare for Android
We have deprecated:
* `Approvals.verify(Image image)`
* `Approvals.verify(BufferedImage bufferedImage)`
* `Approvals.verify(Component c)`

These are now in the AwtApprovals class.

## Previous versions


## Customer Approvers

If you want to customize how approvaltests decides if two files are equal, you can pass in your own deciding function.

snippet: custom_approver


## Using Alternative Base Directory for Approval Output Files

**Q:** what if I want my output files to show up under the `/resources/` folder?

**A:** you can do that, [here's how](Configuration.md#alternative-base-directory-for-output-files)


## Using Subdirectories for Approval Output Files
Approved and received files can be stored in a preferred location. 
[More here](Configuration.md#using-subdirectories-for-approval-output-files)

## PackageLevelSettings

Package Level Settings allows for programmatic setting of configuration at the package level.
[More Here](Configuration.md#packagelevelsetting)

## Arlos Git Notation Prompt

This is a prompt that includes helper text and quick actions for use with [Arlo's Commit Notation](https://github.com/RefactoringCombos/ArlosCommitNotation).
It is currently the default option for TCR and will produce a window that looks like:

![prompt](/approvaltests-tests/src/test/java/org/approvaltests/machine_specific_tests/testcommitrevert/ArlosGitNotationPromptTest.test.Mac_OS_X.approved.png)



## Faster Test Commit Revert (TCR)

The startup time for swing is around 3 seconds (on my mac). This is painfully slow in some situations. 
FasterTestCommitRevertRunner & FasterTestCommitRevertTest Solve this by shelling out to applescript, which 
brings the time down to a few milliseconds. 

Note: this currently only works on mac and will default to the normal swing otherwise. 

## Test Commit Revert (TCR)

This is a convenience class to follow the practice 'Test Commit/Revert' from Kent Beck. Simply adding
### Method 1 - extend class
snippet: test_commit_revert
to your test class

### Method 2 - use Runner
snippet: test_commit_revert_runner
to annotate your class

### Results 

Whichever method you use, on test run TRC will invoke 1 of 2 options

*  On success
A dialog will appear asking for a commit message. Once given it will commit all files with that message
![prompt](images/commit_dialog.png)

* On failure
It will revert all changes

Note: this currently only works with git

### Usage

Use this with caution. I find Test Commit/Revert helpful when doing a strict refactoring. It is unusable when creating approvaltests as the first run always fails and gets reverted.
Often I will have a test extend TCR for short periods then remove it after I'm out of a refactoring mode.

This also works well with [Arlo Belshee's Git Notation](https://github.com/RefactoringCombos/ArlosCommitNotation) 


---

[Back to User Guide](README.md#top)

Commit message:

F wrappers working with bytebuddy!
Co-Authored-By: Steve Turley <steve@turleylabs.com>

approvaltests/docs/mdsource/Features.source.md, after:

<a id="top"></a>

# Features

toc

## 9.3.0

### Printable wrappers

Sometimes an objects `toString()` aren't want is desired for the give situation. 
Printable wrappers gives you a way to control this.

### Wrap a individual object

```java
Integer i = Printable.wrap(1, n -> "#"+n);
```
### Wrap an array of objects

### Create a wrapped array 

### Named objects 

## 6.0.1
### Prepare for Android
We have deprecated:
* `Approvals.verify(Image image)`
* `Approvals.verify(BufferedImage bufferedImage)`
* `Approvals.verify(Component c)`

These are now in the AwtApprovals class.

## Previous versions


## Customer Approvers

If you want to customize how approvaltests decides if two files are equal, you can pass in your own deciding function.

snippet: custom_approver


## Using Alternative Base Directory for Approval Output Files

**Q:** what if I want my output files to show up under the `/resources/` folder?

**A:** you can do that, [here's how](Configuration.md#alternative-base-directory-for-output-files)


## Using Subdirectories for Approval Output Files
Approved and received files can be stored in a preferred location. 
[More here](Configuration.md#using-subdirectories-for-approval-output-files)

## PackageLevelSettings

Package Level Settings allows for programmatic setting of configuration at the package level.
[More Here](Configuration.md#packagelevelsetting)

## Arlos Git Notation Prompt

This is a prompt that includes helper text and quick actions for use with [Arlo's Commit Notation](https://github.com/RefactoringCombos/ArlosCommitNotation).
It is currently the default option for TCR and will produce a window that looks like:

![prompt](/approvaltests-tests/src/test/java/org/approvaltests/machine_specific_tests/testcommitrevert/ArlosGitNotationPromptTest.test.Mac_OS_X.approved.png)



## Faster Test Commit Revert (TCR)

The startup time for swing is around 3 seconds (on my mac). This is painfully slow in some situations. 
FasterTestCommitRevertRunner & FasterTestCommitRevertTest Solve this by shelling out to applescript, which 
brings the time down to a few milliseconds. 

Note: this currently only works on mac and will default to the normal swing otherwise. 

## Test Commit Revert (TCR)

This is a convenience class to follow the practice 'Test Commit/Revert' from Kent Beck. Simply adding
### Method 1 - extend class
snippet: test_commit_revert
to your test class

### Method 2 - use Runner
snippet: test_commit_revert_runner
to annotate your class

### Results 

Whichever method you use, on test run TRC will invoke 1 of 2 options

*  On success
A dialog will appear asking for a commit message. Once given it will commit all files with that message
![prompt](images/commit_dialog.png)

* On failure
It will revert all changes

Note: this currently only works with git

### Usage

Use this with caution. I find Test Commit/Revert helpful when doing a strict refactoring. It is unusable when creating approvaltests as the first run always fails and gets reverted.
Often I will have a test extend TCR for short periods then remove it after I'm out of a refactoring mode.

This also works well with [Arlo Belshee's Git Notation](https://github.com/RefactoringCombos/ArlosCommitNotation) 


---

[Back to User Guide](README.md#top)
